Docs: Add derived field datasourceUid information (#26285)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/features/datasources/loki.md

      derivedFields:
        # Field with internal link pointing to data source in Grafana.
        # Right now, Grafana supports only Jaeger and Zipkin data sources as link targets.

>         # datasourceUid value can be anything, but it should be unique across all defined datasource uids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # datasourceUid value can be anything, but it should be unique across all defined data source uids.
```
